Operating Model: Registration mandatory for certification (#200)
catenax-eV/catenax-ev.github.io: docs/operating-model/how-data-space-governance/how-data-space-governance.md

The *Catena-X Conformity Assessment Handbook* provides a detailed description of how Catena-X conducts conformity assessment through the Conformity Assessment Bodies. The most current version can always be found on the [Catena-X Library](https://catenax-ev.github.io/docs/next/certification/certification).

> Prerequisite of any certification is the registration of the participant that wants to get certified. The registration (see Chapter [Registration](./../how-data-space-operations/how-data-space-operations.md#registration)) is ideally done before any certification request or latest started with the start of the certification request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisite of any certification is the registration / onboarding of the participant who wants to get certified. The registration (see Chapter [Registration](./../how-data-space-operations/how-data-space-operations.md#registration)) is ideally done before any certification request or latest started with the start of the certification request.
```

A little additional context is helpful for the understandability. An small addition, that this refers to the onboarding would be helpful.
